[Music]
welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the meta dot Das Keyboard professional s
so the dust keyboard professional s
first we'll start with what meta dog has
to say about the Das Keyboard
mechanical Cui's the key suit key
switches for maximum speed and comfort
this much is true
it also has full and key rollover thus
avoiding key jamming which is a big
problem especially with very fast
typists so yes you will be more
comfortable yes you will be faster
everyone you put a mechanical keyboard
in front of even if it's not ideal for
them will type faster in double-digit
percentages more often than not
high-speed USB 2.0 hub extra long cable
and requires some kind of computer as
far as I can tell all Microsoft Mac and
Linux operating systems I mean I guess
if you like were running Android on your
desktop maybe it won't work but it
probably will
so moving right along it comes with a
little cleaning cloth which is good
because the desk keyboard has a bit of a
glossy finish to it go ahead and move
this out of here and pull this sunny
here it also comes with a little
installation guide which basically means
plug the thing into the thing there is
no driver required for the dots keyboard
now meta dot has four different variants
available okay there is an ultimate s
for alt R sorry there's an ultimate
silent and there's an ultimate clicky
and then there's a professional silent
and a professional clicky
so we went with the professional silent
and the ultimate clicky for what's
upcoming on the NCIX
tech tips channel where we're going to
do a thank you we're going to do a
mechanical keyboard roundup because that
gives us a good representation of
everything available for meta dot the
ultimate versus professional moniker
means that it either has em sorry I'm
just going to pull off a key can't hear
it either has printing on the top of the
keys or they're all completely blank and
then the silent versus clicky means that
it either is using quieter key so it
or ones with more of a distinct click so
we're going to talk a lot about
different key switches as well in that
upcoming episode of NCI expect if so you
can clearly see here that the desk
keyboard silent version uses Cherry MX
brown switches and the brown refers not
only to the color of the switch but also
to the characteristics of it so the
characteristics of this switch are that
it has a bit of a smoother travel and a
much quieter travel compared to the ones
that are used in the clicky version now
that doesn't mean that it's necessarily
silent a mechanical keyboard is almost
always going to be louder than a
membrane keyboard and this is partly
just due to the quality of the
construction because if you come right
down on it you'll bottom it out and
they're generally built out of much more
solid materials than well your standard
cheapo keyboard and quite frankly from a
typists perspective as well as from a
gamers perspective I don't see a good
reason why you wouldn't use a mechanical
keyboard with so many options available
on the market on the back of the
keyboard you see we've got little feet
for inclining it slightly should you see
fit it also has four rubber pads that
keep it in place
so it doesn't go anywhere when you put
it down which is good because keyboards
that run away are bad okay in terms of
layout everything is fairly bog-standard
on this guy long strips enter and
backspace and a completely standard
layout for the rest of the keyboard so
what it comes down to is the build
quality of it nice long cables included
so we're going to just open that up
there you go it's approximately 1.15
Linus arm spans which makes it about I
guess 7 feet ok also comes with 2 USB
ports at the end of it so one of these
is for the hub which is sorry here and
the other one is for the actual keyboard
itself so you can see there clearly
labeled keyboard and hub which is very
helpful so if you put this here it won't
do anything useful comes with a ps2
adapter just in case you do want to use
your keyboard with ps2 and I think that
pretty much covers it so remember guys
you can get the Das Keyboard in four
different varieties and get it click
on clicky and you can get it with
printing on the keycaps or completely
blank if you're one of those elitists
who doesn't want people to be able to
sit down and use your computer which I
mean I can't say there's anyone in this
room like that but thank you for
watching Linus tech tips don't forget to
subscribe